We're finished for now or our recipes components let's work on the shopping list now.
Now the shopping list component.
If we have a look at it here in our files here in the HMO file we already added some content to its
arm template here.
But instead of saying the list I want to output an ordered list of type list group worth the classless
group I should say so using this bootstrap class.
And then there I want to have clickable list items.
So at anchor tech pointing to Chesed hash for now again to make sure it doesn't reload the page accidentally
and then add some extra applauses or one class to be precise.
The last group I'd class to make this look like an item in this unordered list and I'll even get rid
of the anchor text here of the ref.
I should say and therefore I said inline style 2 and 4 is a cursor which looks like the pointer.
The reason why I'm removing this is I will later use is like a button and therefore I don't need as
ref element there.
It would simply lead to unwanted behaviors.
So that will be a single element a single item on our shopping list.
Now to display something here we need an array of ingredients though.
So what I'll do for now is I'll add my ingredients property year to the shopping list and this will
be an empty array.
But now just like with the recipe we're going to use ingredients a lot throughout our app.
Also in the recipe section so we probably should also create a model for this.
Let's do this in the next lecture.